# Homework: Day 1

- [ ] Read all the resources mentioned in Lecture 1 
- [ ] Find the technical stack of one website that you use
- [ ] Write 3 new features introduced in HTTP/2
      1. ability of the server to send multiple responses for a single client request
      2. reduces additional Round Trip Times [RTT]
      3. widely supported by browsers when compared to HTTP/1.
- [ ] Find out all the places where DNS cache is maintained?
      Computer Operating System
- [ ] If IPv4 can only have 4 billion unique IP address how come more than [7 billion](https://techjury.net/blog/how-many-iot-devices-are-there/) devices are able to access internet?
- [ ] Find one programming language that is dynamically typed and compiled
      Python
- [ ] Find one programming language that is statically typed and interpreted  
      Java
- [ ] What is the difference between binary compatibility and source compatibility? Is Java binary compatible or source compatible? 
      Java is source compatible.
- [ ] How will you decide whether you need to create an interface or an abstract class?
      To acheive 100 % abstraction, we should go for interface. Interface also provides default implementation where we cannot add/modify our implementation.
      If we need to provide partial implemetation let's say 5 method implementation out of 10, then in this case we should for Abstract Class.
- [ ] Write a Java function that takes a positive integer greater than 0 and generate a sequence that follow rules:
  * If the current number is even then it divides by two else if is odd it multiplies by three and add one
  * It stops if number is 1

```
For example, if I give number 3 then I should get [10, 5, 16, 8, 4, 2, 1] 

When number is 4 I get [2,1]

When number is 7 I get [22, 11, 34, 17, 52, 26, 13, 40, 20, 10, 5, 16, 8, 4, 2, 1]
```

public class Test {

	public static void main(String[] args) {
		
		sequence(4);

	}
		
		public static void sequence(int num)
		{
		
			while(num!=1)
			{
				if(num%2==0)
				{
					num = num / 2;		
				} 
				else {
					num = num * 3 + 1;
				}
				System.out.print(num+"  ");
			}
		}
		

}


